and welcome back to a fresh episode of
the business
growth show excited to be joined by mark
evans today mark could possibly be the
most enthusiastic person you'll ever
meet
he believes that it's very cool sales
doesn't have to be manipulative or
sleazy he helps companies and
individuals sell with more consistency
allowing businesses to finally scale
their sales with systems
and processes with his company sales kit
he's an author
a husband a father and iron man mark a
very warm welcome sir
how are you doing sam i'm so happy to be
here and i don't know i think you could
almost take the crown for most
enthusiastic man in sales my
my hat is tipped to you you always bring
the energy you always bring the fire so
i'm really fired up to be on your show
today hey dude really appreciate that
i've just just had my caffeine hit so
i'm ready to rock and roll about 30
minutes then i might crash
[Laughter]
so looking forward to the show today
mark great to have you on um what we're
going to focus on
is how we can stop wasting our time and
get back 90 minutes
every day i know that i for one uh are
guilty of procrastinating quite a bit
especially when it gets to the afternoon
time perhaps if i've
just had my lunch and i'm scrolling
through linkedin or social media
whatever i'm doing and i just start
dozing off completely forgetting about
the sales tasks that i've done
and then half the things i wanted to get
done that day i've forgotten about
so really looking forward to jumping
straight in and i think a good starting
point was
uh would be marcus why are we all so so
bad when it comes to wasting time in our
work days
oh cause it feels so good sometimes
right like
you know it feels good to sometimes
waste that time or i guess maybe it
doesn't make us feel good
afterwards but it certainly feels in the
moment like oh yeah i should respond to
that email or oh yeah i should continue
scrolling linkedin
i think why we have so many distractions
right now and why we
tend to procrastinate it's not all our
fault right so for anybody out there
that is beating themselves up over like
why
can i not get the big things that i want
done or why can't i stay consistent with
it
i think honestly it's because we're more
distracted than ever before
i mean even more so now than a year ago
definitely and then with the whole
pandemic situation
we've got more parents at home trying to
also homeschool
kids while also trying to work you know
in zoom most hours of the day
so first and foremost i think a lot of
it is there's just more distractions now
than ever before
yeah certainly definitely with um
working from home i think a lot of us
can relate if we've
got families if we've got kids running
about or if we've got our partner
perhaps also in the same same home kind
of doing bits and pieces so there is a
lot of distractions
yeah and i think we're digital yeah and
even before that right let's even take
it out before the pandemic right the
average executive
i think it's like a hundred plus emails
per day the average just anybody gets
over a hundred emails per day let alone
even having to be an executive
that's not to mention all the text
messages we get and let's
not forget about social media right some
of the smartest minds in the entire
world
are working on apps and different things
that are on our phone
for us to spend more time on that app
right facebook and instagram they don't
make
less money they don't make less money if
you don't spend time
on the actual application so we have all
these things that are hardwired right
now and are designed specifically to try
to distract us
and that's why some of the things that i
think what we're going to talk about
today what we can roll out
um are just really resonating with
people right they understand that hey
there's more distractions now than ever
before
which just means that you have to set up
more barriers now than ever before and
there's
tactics and there's techniques that you
can use just like in any sales situation
to really go back and re-own your day
and take the distraction back and and
hopefully achieve what you're looking
for
definitely man and i think we've all
been guilty of it kind of waking up
first thing in the morning whether it's
checking social media whether it's
checking our emails
whether it's doing something else that
is perhaps less less productive
than what we really need to be getting
done whether that's servicing our
clients
making new business calls doing cold
calls doing cold outreach
working referrals or whatever elements
of ourselves or our business day that
could really help grow our business
rather than these uh mindless admin
tasks that we could perhaps do at the
end of the day or save for another time
so how can we go about creating the
perfect
sales day mark yeah yeah well that's a
great question right and that's
something that i've really been
on a hunt for over the past couple
months and couple years
because i am by nature an individual who
loves procrastinating i'm
super easily distracted like if there's
a shiny penny or a squirrel or something
i'm all over that
um i love to be distracted by stuff like
that and i can easily do so so
i realized kind of early on and i had a
lot of mentors that said hey like you
gotta buckle down and you gotta like
figure this stuff out right you gotta
get disciplined
and so i learned early on that if i
didn't set up the systems and the
structure that i needed
when it came to sales when it came to
prospecting when it came to trying to
grow my business
i just simply wasn't going to do them
right i was going to punt i was going to
find something else
and it really stuck with me when i had a
mentor who um
who has since passed on but he had this
great saying that always said you know
mark
when you don't want to do something and
i think he was talking about cold
calling at this point he said if you if
you don't
you know if you don't want to do
something and let's say it's cold
calling for example
even the dishes look good that day or
even like vacuuming your room right it
sounds like a really good idea
yeah and i'm guilty of that right like
oh well you know i'll make those calls
once i organize my desk
or maybe we'll do like a digital like
clean up like once
i clean up those dropbox files that you
know i'm never gonna look at again
then i'm gonna start making calls
that'll make me feel more productive
so i think it's all about kind of
establishing right um
what are first at a high level what are
what does your ideal day look like right
and what do you need to get accomplished
that day so yeah so let's kind of take
it into the um
we'll take it into the actual tactics
here so i prescribed to something called
an ideal sales day
and i really believe firmly that if you
want to try to achieve anything in sales
you've got to start setting up your
ideal sales day
because either you're going to run the
day or the day is going to run you and
we've all been in situations where we
have a plan right and we have to get
some certain things done but by like 8
30 a.m that morning we're
in the office for maybe 20 minutes
things go haywire
and so if we don't have these systems
and these plans to fall back on
we can easily that one day where we miss
the calls can turn into three days or
five days
thus becoming an entire quarter becoming
an entire year and you know a potential
career wasted because of these like
daily little fires that we feel like we
have to put out
yeah yeah yeah so true i mean like you
say i've i've had times where i've
perhaps had a
i don't know a page or two of email to
get through or i needed to build a
presentation
or a proposal or a quote or something
that perhaps would have taken 30 or 40
minutes of my time i could have quickly
hammered out
and instead i perhaps saw something on
the floor i thought i need to do the
hoovering just stepped outside my desk
yeah do the hoovering oh i might go out
and walk the dog quick because that's
just that's going to be really fast and
i don't have to do that later
like you said do the dishes or make
myself a quick snack or a cup of tea
or get a few biscuits from downstairs
it's not going to take long and then
like you say when you've got these
things on top of your mind
anything at the time sounds better than
actually doing the task that
would get the job done um so i think
most of us can relate to that especially
myself mark
so what are some strategies we can put
into place to
almost trick our minds that if we get
these jobs done
they're they're going to be right and
how do we prioritize to know some some
of the better tasks that should perhaps
be done first
and the strategies about going about
them yeah that's a really good question
and so sam let me ask you a quick
question then in return
do you remember what it felt like
and your workload as well as your
efficiency the day before you left on
let's say like a week vacation when we
used to be able to take those or a
two-week vacation
or go on holiday do i remember what my
work was like did you say
yeah do you remember like how efficient
you were that day before you had to go
on vacation oh
crazy crazy efficient because yeah i'd
be getting loads of stuff done
um you received myself my colleagues and
all that kind of stuff
yeah you probably wonder like where is
this like where is this level i always
feel like it's um
i'm big into riding bikes and it feels
like i find like a never another gear
right the day before vacation where it's
like oh this normally would have taken
me i don't know three or four weeks and
now i'm getting it all done in one
afternoon
and you've got that positivity rush as
well because you think yeah i'm going
somewhere nice somewhere sunny
all that kind of stuff so yeah i can't
wait to get away let's let's get all
this done
yeah so you've got the motivation right
you've got a deadline
um and then you've got uh you've got
yeah like i mentioned right you've got
the motivation and then you've got the
deadline and we can
we can recreate that if it's just an
ordinary everyday week so some tools
that i'd really recommend
is first start by thinking about man you
have that capability so know that you
have that ability to have a very
effective very productive sales day
you've done it before chances are
usually it falls on the day before
vacation or the day before a holiday
um so use that as kind of first that
template um
and then next let's start using with
what i would call um
different like time blocks right so i
really am a big believer in setting up a
time blocks right
if you're just waltzing into your day
for the first thing with no calendar or
no schedule and just like well i'm gonna
start tackling email
right then we start doing and start
multitasking which
uh you know with the exception of my
wife there's very few good multitaskers
out there
she's great at it me not so much right
um and and so we start like doing a
little bit of email a little bit of
calls a little bit of maybe marketing or
something but we never actually make
progress
so what i really recommend is starting
by blocking out your days in either hour
or two hour chunks right so
if you've got sales calls to make i
would recommend and we'll get into what
i call the almighty power hour in a
little bit but i recommend
doing those um not like you know over
six hours throughout the entire day
but just find an hour or a two-hour
block in which you can really buckle
down and focus on that right
um so a couple of tools that i really
really like to use
are the time blocking first but also
turning off your email
right so email is a huge distraction um
and it's not just email but also your
phone text messaging things like that
so first do an entire detox with your
system with your computer system that is
uh and turn off all your notifications
so if you've got slack if you've got
any if you've got like microsoft teams
or if you have any sort of
notification on your computer that's
going to ping you that's going to take
you out of your rhythm
you need to remove that next you got to
put your phone like put it somewhere
else right put it over
and another place out of arm's reach um
so that you can actually have that away
from you so that if someone's gonna text
you'd have to physically like stand up
walk on over and go grab that phone
because you gotta remember this is the
most important work it's not gonna get
up and walk anywhere
um you will be able to get your phone in
just a little bit so those are some of
the first things that i'd recommend just
kind of detox your entire environment as
well as your computer system
to make sure that you're distraction
free once you start going into these
blocks of time
yeah yeah i've learned the hard way with
some of that stuff mark so i know
for sure like when when i've got a build
a presentation when i'm getting ready
for a call
or when i've gotta prepare a few things
i know that i need to turn off
um skype or slack which we use for our
team internal communications need to
turn that off need to put my phone to
one side
you'd say look guys i'm going away 30 45
minutes i'll be back in a in a bit
because otherwise it just doesn't get
done like you say you could be flashing
text flashing whatsapp skype or whatever
whatever social media is flashing at you
and then it takes you away for five
minutes then you forget where you've got
to
and it's just a vicious cycle right yeah
absolutely right and it's just one thing
after another oh well let me check this
text and then i'm gonna check social
media
and then i'll check my email and i call
this really the unproductivity loop
right we start it usually starts with
email
and then well then i'm just gonna check
social media and then you know while i'm
here i'm gonna check
in the united states here it's fantasy
football right uh fantasy american
football right well i'm gonna check my
score see how my team did then i'm gonna
check espn
um and then i'm gonna check like on this
trip i may potentially one day take in
like three and a half years and just
like do a quick little bit of research
right
and then oh hey it's been about 45
minutes i better go back into my email
and then we start the loop all over
again and i've been at corporations
where uh that is the norm for a lot of
the sales people and if they make five
calls a day well that's a good day you
know we've got you know we did four
yesterday
uh and sadly that's where a lot of
companies and where a lot of people find
themselves in
is this never-ending unproductivity loop
and do you think we do that mark just
because it's a feeling of comfort
so it's something we find i'm just used
to doing this i'm used to
kind of checking my my social my my text
my bits and pieces in between so
it's okay because i'm used to do it
whereas we really need to kind of trick
our brain or fool our brain to like you
said
to manage our time set up these time
blocks and really start
focusing on what is a priority for
ourselves
or our business to kind of grow in in
the way that we want to
yeah well i think there's a couple
things that factor and i think the deck
is kind of stacked against you as well
like i mentioned before we have
all these you know some of the brightest
minds in the entire world
are working hard at trying to distract
you with a phone or with an application
or with a computer program
so you've gotta like i mentioned before
right you gotta detox your system right
to make sure that you don't have access
to that because at the end of the day
your willpower um is going to
willpower's not enough right just saying
like you know what i'm feeling really
good today today i'm not gonna do it
like that's not enough we have to have
systems in place
like for me it comes to like candy in
the house i know if my wife brings it in
uh into the house uh i know that chances
are i'm gonna eat it right and so the
system i have to play with myself is
like just
don't even bring it into the house um
but we have kids and so i'm susceptible
to that
um so that's where i would really start
with um and then
the next thing that i would really try
to concentrate on
is just starting with we can get the
same reward
that we get from a new email inbox or or
a new email in our inbox i should say
or that exciting like little red button
next to our text messages that so
that shows that we have a text message
we can try to rewire them we can hack
some of those systems with a couple of
things
um and so for example what i really like
doing is just setting up these 50-minute
blocks of time of when i'm gonna work
right
and so one way to achieve some success
and kind of gamify this for yourself
is by making a game out of it there's a
bunch of different journals
and some apps that you can use you write
go figure right we try to
um software ties like these productivity
things
but a really simple one a really analog
version of this
is just by using this timer uh that i
use it's called the sakira 60 minute
timer
and basically all you do is you just put
the amount of time and i recommend a 50
minute block
or you could do a 30 minute block just
set a timer for this
and that's going to be the amount of
work that you're that's going to be the
amount of time that you're going to work
on that individual project so right if
it's making calls
that's the time and so i love setting
this timer
then when it goes off i get up i walk
around i maybe go outside i'll grab some
water i'll grab a cup of coffee and
that's like that same
level of reward um once i hear that ding
i'm like pavlov's dog like once i hear
the ding of this
you know a timer going off i like oh
i'll get another coffee or oh i'll get
up and i'll go get water i'll get
whatever
um and so that's one way we can really
gamify this so that you're still getting
that same
hit of um i think that it's like
dopamine um
from that you would normally get from a
phone of text messages or emails but you
can hack that
to go get a water to get up from your
desk and complete a project
i love that man and i completely
completely relate with the sweets with
the candy with the chocolate
i'm i'm exactly the same we actually
have my fiance set up a dedicated
chocolate and sweets cupboard and i can
tell you before i
uh before i when i was a single man i
used to have a lot less weight behind me
and i would cycle those treats dude but
i think i should um take up that that
reward system because that sounds really
good and like you say it's
it's that dopamine hit that you kind of
get from a social media when someone
engages on your post or
um you get a fresh email come in or a
lead comes in your inbox or anything
like that you get that instant hit
whereas um sometimes you need to space
yourself out or set yourself
on a certain task and then give you give
you that little buzz that little reward
at the end of the session to
give you that positive energy that makes
sense then yeah yeah make it a game and
make it something fun that you want to
do right make it something that like
when you're done in that 50 minutes it's
like oh
yes i'm done i get to do this and then
set your timer for like 10 minutes or
five minutes
i've got an apple watch so when that
timer goes off and i'm rewarding myself
with this
i try to always honor that reward as
well because i know that
um if i like you know if i don't follow
through on that if i don't work that
limit and then reward myself a little
bit
it like diminishes the next work cycle a
little bit so always try to reward
yourself if that's your thing
um and do something fun that you
actually want to do gotcha
and mark there's there's a term um i'm
probably going to butcher it something
like um
eat the frog at the start of the day
yeah um you know always eat the frog
first so should we should we be looking
at it from from that angle so for
example
if as part of our work we need to do
cold outreach whether that's cold
calling
cold email perhaps we need to work some
referrals
um perhaps we need to get in touch with
our existing clients to see how they're
getting on and perhaps offer them some
some extra services or products should
we do these kind of things right at the
start of the day so they get done
and then look to do more admin based
tasks like checking email and perhaps
sorting out projects and that kind of
stuff later in the day or does it does
it not matter as long as we've got these
time
blocks allocated with our reward system
yeah you know i would really recommend i
think
you know so from my experience leading
sales people consulting with fast
growing sales teams
my experience is that everyone makes
time for
closing deals everyone makes time
reaching out to customers that they
really like to have positive
conversations
everybody makes time for responding to
those emails in your
inbox but what people rarely make time
for is that uncomfortable stuff right
is that cold outreach is that cold
calling so yeah i totally agree with you
and with brian tracy's comment of eat a
frog first thing in the morning and it's
like the worst thing you'll taste all
day i butcher that comment
too all the time there's so many
versions of it so i totally get you
there
yeah so i would recommend and this is
really um what i call the almighty power
hour
and so the almighty power is one of
those blocks of time i recommend
starting with at least an hour make it
one of the first things you're gonna do
in the day
um and really that's the 50 minutes the
60 minutes of time
where all you're going to do is focus on
that top of funnel right because
all the other things are going to happen
right if you're if a deal's going to
close that day
trust me a deal's going to close that
day right and so what happens is we
um what during that almighty power what
you want to do is close off all those
distractions right close that email
even close your phone right if you're
not using it don't take an inbound phone
call that you don't necessarily
know if you don't think it's going to be
a prospect or lead to an actual
conversation
and all you should be doing at that time
is just focusing on the top of funnel
activities
so that you can get more prospects into
your funnel so that you can eventually
write demo
and then close right and then you lead
to this amazing life of fantastic sales
results it's as simple as that sam
that's really all you got to do
um but i mean that in jest but right
it's really all about just
carving out that niche of time because
you know chances are if you're not going
to carve that out you're not going to
make time for it later in the day
something's going to come up
and then you're just going to fall
further and further behind
yeah and is that something we need to do
each and every day do you think mark
um kind of set this time for if it is in
our case cold cold outreach where we can
reach out to
say x amount 20 30 40 potential new
customers
start a conversation with them and
potentially book an appointment book a
meeting or whatever we do as part of our
sales process for organization
um so we get into that daily habit of
doing that so then it becomes less of a
strain and more
something that we're trained we're we're
used to doing and then it becomes like i
say a habit
so we've got that and we've got a steady
flow of bookings meetings coming in
oh yeah i definitely agree i think you
know cold outreach and cold calling and
the actual act of prospecting
um with sales i think it's like a muscle
i think it's like anything else right
and that muscle is either going to grow
or it's going to diminish over time and
so yeah i think
every single day there's a bunch of
people that i follow that i've
read throughout history that that's one
of their keys to success is that
every single day they're prospecting at
every level whether they were
an entry-level sdr or bdr or if they
were an accomplished account executive
or if they
were leading teams of hundreds if not
thousands of salespeople i
even heard stories of ceos that spent
time doing
outreach and now maybe not at the level
right that an sdr is going to
but still being in the process of going
out making calls
selling and talking to actual people or
engaging in conversation with actual
people so yeah i totally agree with that
yeah sure and in theory it all sounds
really good but i know when it comes
down to cold outreach i mean we're quite
fortunate web choice
as a lot of our business comes inbound
through things like our seo positioning
google rankings are our ads and linkedin
too
um so whilst i did in my younger days
whereas a junior sales rep or a um sdr
i can remember days kind of sitting in
my seat it's cold calling until i was
literally sweating at my test
and all that good stuff um but no like
you say it's reaching out to new
customers obviously a vital part of
generating business and getting meetings
booked
um have you got any tips sorry i was
just gonna say and sam you bring up a
really
good topic too right and so i'm really
focused on like the cold calling right
or
uh cool like prospecting and outreach as
well but for a lot of businesses
maybe it's more important for you to
film that like linkedin video and that's
where your level of anxiety is raised
and that's the thing that you're putting
off for
you know days or hours or weeks or
whatever that is right where if you just
spent an hour you tackled that first
that could you know would potentially
lead and help your marketing funnel so
you know i use cold calling as an
example because that's really one of the
first things that people say like i
don't love doing that that's not really
what i want to do
but find kind of what that is for you
but it has to be client-facing right it
can't be like
well i really don't want to do this
back-end admin work right of like taking
a picture of my receipts or you know
uploading something in my files
um that's not the time to do your your
work in your almighty power hour it's
got to be something that it's going to
potentially bring in business to the
organization
makes sense all about starting new
conversations with with prospective
customers no matter
what channel it is so whether it is
email call or or linkedin video or some
other way to reaching out
and have you got any tips mark in terms
of the mindset because it's all good and
well saying yeah i'm gonna do a bunch of
cold calls
but we've all been there we've actually
got to dialing we've got got the
rejection people are telling us
um everything under the sun to actually
kind of stay focused while that's going
on or is it just a case of like you said
getting that muscle trained
and just just powering through it and
making it happen then making sure you've
got that reward at the end of the
hour what time we set out to do it yeah
well no reward at the end of that 50
minutes is going to help you feel better
about someone cussing you out or
swearing at you and i
you know that sucks to be in those
situations and that's no good but a
couple of the mindset things that have
really worked for myself and worked for
clients in the past
um one of the things that is probably
not something that many think of
i would relate it to a cooking technique
called
misinplace and sam do you know what
mison plus is or what's commonly
referred to as like your mice
in in cooking terms i'm afraid not i'm
possibly one of the worst chefs in the
united kingdom so you're gonna have to
elaborate a blip please mark
no that's no problem i've watched a ton
of netflix documentaries and my whole
family my
my girls i've got two of them that are
nine and six and a half they love
watching cooking shows as well
uh the other one came up to me the other
day and said dad i want a temper
chocolate like i don't even know what
that is or how you would do that but
anyways that that's kind of our thing
here at the evans house and um
so mison applause is a technique called
everything in its place and it's a
it's a technique that's followed by
everybody whether you're at a local like
fast food store
um or like a mcdonald's or a wendy's
here in the states
um or if you're at a you know five-star
michelin
restaurant you know in france or
somewhere else right a really high-end
restaurant
and it's really the process of getting
everything and putting everything in its
place so
um for example right chefs if they have
a dinner service at five
they don't just show up at like 4 30 and
like hey i wonder what we're making
today right
um which is often what we do in sales
right we show up maybe you know 10
minutes sometimes we show up on time
it's like all right i wonder who we're
calling or what we're doing
and so i really try to bring in that
mentality of miesen plos
into sales because uh it is such an
important job and so few are doing it so
nissan plus right is when you're getting
your meat ready it's when you're
chopping your vegetables it's winning
getting your sauces just right so that
when dinner service comes
you can have this flawless execution
right or you can have this great dinner
presentation so you're not
right you're not like making sauce on
the fly like while there's 30 orders
backed up and that's what so many people
in sales are doing
they're showing up at let's say if you
start at 8 am they're showing up at like
7 58
you know 803 or something like that
they're spending you know the first 25
minutes of their day just kind of
getting settled and get some water get
some coffee maybe use the restroom talk
to some friends about the game i saw
last night
and then you know maybe by like nine
i'll check some emails and i'll get
started then i'll get into this um
productivity loop that we covered before
and hey
pretty soon before i know it it's noon
where are we going for lunch uh and so
on and so forth right and then in the
afternoon
we get this other unproductivity loop
and then we got just lost an entire day
so where sales people could save a ton
of time and ton of effort and really
help get over those hurdles
is by removing all those barriers right
so having your meson plus ready
knowing who you're gonna call but more
importantly knowing where you're gonna
search for the content you're gonna need
for that day
right just about every day your clients
or your prospects are requesting you
know similar like questions on pricing
or feature requests or faqs or
you know what do you do in this
situation or what are these use cases
and a lot of sales people right their
sales process and a lot of
organizations their sales process looks
like a scattered mess we've got some
messaging over here in google drives
we've got some in dropbox
and we've got some like training and
some objection handling techniques in
this
ring binder that we have to blow dust
off every single time
and so in order for sales people um to
really kind of make that leap and to
make it easy for them
put that stuff all in one area right put
all of that content all that information
in one easy to access area
and that reduces the burden right that
reduces the lift that it takes for a
person
to get started it's like going to the
gym right there's the
there's the advice that everybody hears
right around knew yourself well if you
want to start working out
more right like make sure your shoes are
next to your bed and water and work out
clothes
well do the same thing in sales right
get all that content and all that
information ready
you know it's going to be asked of you
so just get ready so that you can
actually use it when you're ready to
sell
yeah and that makes perfect sense and
that was i really enjoyed that
analogy actually mark comparing the the
cooks the chef's job
of preparing all the food like you said
you wouldn't just walk into a kitchen
expect everything to be ready
you probably like you say got to prepare
all the ingredients beforehand wipe down
all the services
make sure you know what's amount of
people that are going to be in the
restaurant that day especially if you're
in a fine
dining restaurant um so we'd like to
think that as
sales professionals business owners
we're doing the same but in our relevant
niches in our relevant industry
so really doing those things like
understanding what you're going to do
perhaps whether it's
at the end of your day prepping for the
calls you're going to make the next day
or getting the content ready that you're
going to distribute on whether it's on
social media or whether you're going to
hand to your existing clients
so those kind of small things really add
up and i've learned the hard way
certainly from
just trying to wing it and then
wondering where the heck the day's gone
where if you like you say if you're
actually putting a little bit of time
whether it's the end of your day in your
evening on your weekends to
kind of plan who you're going to reach
out to that day what you need to get
done
who you're going to have a conversation
with existing clients you're going to
talk to
just save so much time right and then
means that when you when you do get to
your desk at 9am or am whatever time you
start you're not
kind of panicking messing around with
email or faffing around with something
that's a bad use of your time
yeah and how much better do you feel sam
when you have those days
of like hey you're on point you're
prepared you're ready you're planned for
the next day or maybe like that
following monday right
compare that to a day where it's like
you're just a scattered like dervish
right of like
i'm doing a little bit of this doing a
little bit of that um i don't know about
you but i
sleep so much better on the former right
on the days where i'm super prepared
super dialed in and intentional
about what i'm doing versus the other
100 man there's there's no questions
asked
[Laughter]
mike really really enjoyed the chat man
um and before we wrap things up have you
got any other tips that we should
be looking into on how we can kind of
really prioritize key tasks
and and make sure that we're we're
getting the best out of our work there
we pretty much covered everything
yeah i think we've covered a lot there
are some things that i put in my book
and uh your listeners can get a free
copy of that
at the website forward slash
getsaleskit.com
you can get a digital copy and if you
really want one just respond to the
email in which it comes and i'll send
you a hard copy as well so
um yeah so i mean there we go into a lot
of tech uh we go into a lot more
tactics and techniques uh in that book
as well so if this is something that
resonated go check that out
yeah yeah really appreciate it mark and
tell us a bit more about how people can
learn from you um if there's any other
business ways that people can connect
with you whether it's linkedin your
website or anything else you'd like to
promote sir
yeah linkedin is where i'm most active
at um and so you can find me there
and then also and i'll send you a link
to link in the comments i think i'm at
like linkedin.com
forward slash sales playbooks and then i
also have a software company that i own
called getsaleskit.com
and we're really all about helping
companies kind of create that source of
truth for all of their sales knowledge
all their sales process
all their sales messaging so sales teams
and sales individuals
can spend more time selling than
actually searching for the content that
they need
so um you can find that there at
getsaleskit.com
awesome mark once again thanks so much
for coming on really appreciate the the
help you've offered to our audience
today
this was awesome it's in my pleasure
thanks so much for having me on
cheers dude and if you enjoyed the show
as always be sure to hit subscribe on
your podcast channel of choice be apple
spotify youtube wherever the heck you
get your podcast from we interview
business leaders each and every week
to help you boost your sales make best
use of marketing and grow your business
and thank you very much for tuning in